NIDDIK's Hiring Advice

At NIDDIK, we are passionate about building a diverse and talented team of techies, vendors, and channel partners who love innovation and customer satisfaction as much as we do! If you're looking to join an exciting organization that is moving technology forward, here are some ways to increase your chances of getting hired:

For Techies:
Stay Current: Show an interest or knowledge of recent technologies and trends in your field. For example, keep up with the latest in AI, machine learning, cloud computing, etc..
Portfolio: Create a portfolio that showcases your work to share with future employers. Appropriately highlight your projects and problem-solving skills that are relevant in software development, data analysis, etc.
Soft Skills: Work on your communication, team work, and problem-solving skills. Be sure to present your experience working as a team player communicating complex ideas and solving technical issues.
Proactive: We like commitment and a willingness to learn. Show us that you are able to contribute to open-source projects, be part of hackathons, or interest in meetings and events.

For Vendors:
Comprehend our Business Needs: Get to know NIDDIK's product(s) and services so you can offer and position your solutions and show our business objectives.
Show Us Your Expertise: Identify your previous experience and success with similar clients while also demonstrating how your expertise includes software development, IT consulting and cybersecurity.
Build Relationships: Get to know our members so you can begin to establish a working relationship that best represents our future partnership and depicts your ability to work well with others.
Show Us you can Innovate: Show us that you are innovative and willing to think outside of yesterday's box by providing creative solutions to more complex problems.


For Channel Partners: The following points below should help you on your journey as NIDDIK Channel Partner:
Understand Our Vision: To be successful in our partnership and as a channel partner, you need to align yourself with NIDDIK's vision.  This will assist in demonstrating our values and mission.
Develop Strong Value Proposition: Be able to elaborate on how and why doing business with NIDDIK is valuable to you and your business while including the strengths and competitive advantages associated with NIDDIK.
Provide Great Customer Service: Ensure that whenever your customers are working with NIDDIK, they receive the absolute best experience possible. It will reflect the value you place on NIDDIK and further demonstrate a commitment to customer satisfaction.
Be proactive: Demonstrate you had the initiative to work with NIDDIK to achieve shared ownership of common goals and identifying opportunities for growth and development.

What We're Looking For:

At NIDDIK we are looking for individual and partners to share in our enthusiasm for innovation and customer satisfaction. We need great Techies, Vendors, and Channel Partners that are:

Innovative: We want people with imagination to thinker outside the box to find creative ways to solve problems.
Collaborative: We simply would like individuals and partners to be able to work together with our team.
Customer-Centric: We tremendous effort and commitment takes place behind the scenes to deliver exceptional customer experiences. 

How to Apply

If you are interested in becoming part of our team or you are interested in partnering with us, please make your application or proposal via our website. And remember to make it specific to your needs and requirements - identify your skills, experience and achievements. 

WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING WHAT YOU CAN OFFER!
