NIDDIK's Career Advice

At NIDDIK, we are on a mission to define what success is to each team member and the partners we work with. Whether you are a developer, engineer, manager, leader, or a stakeholder let those serve as your starting points on your career path: 

For Developers and Engineers:
Stay Up-To-Date with Industry Trends: Constantly upskill to remain in demand in a rapidly changing industry. 
Focus on Problem-Solving Skills: Develop your problem-solving abilities to justify your proposals including intricate issues not considered 'core.'
Collaborate with Others: Develop your collaborative skills to facilitate work across multiple disciplines and technologies for the last refinement required for acceptable, sustainable solutions.
Build a Strong Portfolio: A portfolio demonstrates your competencies and contributions, working across careers show your mindset and approach to work and your metrics provide your objectives.

For Managers:
Work on Your Leadership Skills: Consider highlight two or three leadership values for prioritizing your actions for your team. Depending on your team metrics, values can possess little or no use.
Develop "A Team Culture": Develop a team culture for how the team will collaborate, and communicate regardless of the members on the team, motivating them to collaborate toward a common goal and benefit. 
Acknowledge Your Limitations: Develop and showcase your limitations to (1) prove there is a at least one element of your proposed solution could mitigate uncertainty, such as (2) introducing Cost factors that exist with material service and/or retained or new individuals in lieu of knowing/caring what is being aimed for. 
Empower Your Team: Once you commit to who will take the lead in furthering who will also consult on how to simplify while at the same time developing 'human potential.

For Leaders:
Develop a Vision: Create a vision for the organization and share it with your team.
Build a Talented Team: Create a team that is diverse and talented and shares the vision and values.
Foster Innovation: Inspiring innovation and experimentation to allow growth and success to take place.
Lead by Example: You have to Model the ways and values you want from your team.

For Stakeholders: 
Communicate Effectively: You must communicate clearly and consistently with the development team to ensure they deliver a successful project.
Provide Feedback: Provide feedback, on a regular basis, to improve and grow.
Be Open-Minded: You need to be willing to hear other ideas and perspectives.
Focus on Outcomes:  Focus on outcomes and results not just process and procedures.

Key Takeaways

At NIDDIK we can offer help and assistance toward your career growth and development for successful outcomes. Whether you’re entering the field of development or you are an existing professional, we can help you to:

Be Curious: Be curious and engage in ongoing learning to remain in front of your field.
Be Adaptable: Be adaptable and flexible to pivot when the need arises. 
Be Collaborative: Engaging others effectively to achieve specific goals.
Focus on Outcomes: Outcomes are much more important than process and procedures, for quality outcomes/relevant results.

We hope these insights and advice are helpful in your career journey. If you have any questions or would like to learn more about NIDDIK, please don't hesitate to reach out NIDDIK (AN IT DIVISION OF NIDDIKKARE)!
