now coming to

/about-us

so what you do with the exsitinng section add this highlighting content and image

Our journey is deeply rooted in a legacy passed down from my grandfather, Late Shri Satyendra Prasad Shrivastava, a man whose achievements were nothing short of extraordinary. A true visionary, he was a recipient of:

The 1996 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award, the 1994 KPMG Peat Marwick High - Tech Entrepreneur Award
The 1994 Small Business Person of the Year award for the Washington area.

These awards were not just symbols of his success; they were a testament to his innovative thinking, unwavering determination, and ability to navigate the complex world of business.

His achievements were a constant source of inspiration, yet in the early days, we were held back. A lack of awareness and corporate experience meant that it took us over two decades to finally embark on my own entrepreneurial path. But his legacy was like a guiding light in the darkness. His stories continued to inspire me, and many others as we knew that we couldn't let these challenges defeat us. We spent those two decades learning, growing, and gaining the knowledge and skills we needed to succeed.

Finally, after more than two decades, we felt ready to take the plunge. We decided to draw upon his wisdom and our own new - found knowledge to start this company. Every decision we make, every product we develop, and every service we offer is a reflection of his values and our commitment to carrying on his legacy.

We are not just building a business; we are building a legacy. A legacy that will inspire future generations, just as my grandfather inspired me. We are driven by the same passion, innovation, and determination that defined his career. And as we continue to grow and evolve, we remain committed to upholding the standards of excellence that he set so many years ago.

image : https://res.cloudinary.com/dhanz6zty/image/upload/v1748374942/niddik_about-us_Shri_Satyendra_Prasad_Shrivastava_isec6d.png
`

I want ot add this new section ake sure create this section in thgat way lkike no otheer website done ever