Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) for recruitment companies is increasingly seeking to address Global Tech Education, Carbon Neutral Hiring and Digital Inclusion. Here are some examples of how these objectives are being put into practice: 

Global Tech Education:
There are companies such as Acre which is a worldwide leader in sustainability recruitment connecting talented people with organizations driving positive environmental and social impact. 
Many recruitment agencies are collaborating with educational institutions for training or development programs in emerging technologies. 
Some companies are offering sabbaticals and leave of absence for employees to work with non-profits and social enterprises as a contribution to tech education.

Carbon Neutral Hiring:
Companies are beginning to take an active stance on carbon offsetting, to establish a reduced environmental footprint. 
Recruitment agencies such as Acre partner with their clients to create sustainable business practices to reduce carbon emissions. 
Carbon Neutral Hiring is about creating environmentally-friendly recruitment activity, for example, through virtual interviews and digital documentation.

Digital Inclusion:
Recruitment businesses are supporting digital inclusion by giving access to technology and digital skill development opportunities to underrepresented groups. 
Some companies are working with non-profits in order to fill the digital gap and create opportunities for marginalized communities. 
Digital inclusion initiatives also consist of creating digital products and services that are inclusive and accessible.

Benefits of CSR Initiatives:

Improved Employee Engagement levels: CSR initiatives can also lead to increased employee motivation and retention. 
Enhanced Brand Reputation: Businesses that place an emphasis on CSR will be viewed as responsible and will attract the best talents. 
Access to Talent Pools: CSR initiatives can appeal to candidates from diverse industries and backgrounds. 
Innovation and Creativity: CSR initiatives can influence workplace creativity and innovation.

Companies Undertaking CSR Initiatives:

A recruiting agency leading on sustainability and the environment, Acre connects smart professionals looking to work with organizations having a positive impact on environmental and social outcomes.
Another sustainability recruitment agency, EnableGreen has worked on behalf of companies like Masdar Renewable Energy and RWE who want to hire cutting-edge ESG talent.
Deloitte's CSR initiatives include a focus on social entrepreneurship, using the market leverage of business viability for talent generation and business development.
